As I just mentioned, we're going to write out a really quick test around this show route handler.
Inside my test directory, I'll make a new file of show test tests.
Then at the top, a couple of imports here.
As usual, we will get request.
No brackets on there.
From super test.
We'll get our Express app from up to directories app.
And we'll also pull in the ticket model so that we can create a ticket, so that we can associate that
thing with a new order.
So we'll get ticket.
From up to directories as well.
Models ticket.
So we'll write out our actual test.
So let's say it fetches the order.
Pretty simple.
So inside of here, we're going to once again create a ticket.
Well, then make a request to build an order with this ticket.
And then finally make a.
Request to fetch the order.
When we make the request to build the order with the ticket and then the follow up request to fetch
the order, we once again need to make sure that we're making those two requests as the same user,
because if we make these as different users, then chances are trying to fetch that order is going to
fail because we're trying to access a order that's been created by a different user.
So again, it's just going to look pretty similar to what we did back inside of our index test file.
Not a lot more explanation needed.
So let's get this code together first thing.
Create the ticket because we're only creating one ticket inside of here for right now.
We'll just create the ticket directly in line rather than creating a helper function.
So let's say ticket is ticket build.
With some title.
And a price.
Then save our ticket.
After that, we'll create our user with global sign in.
And when I say create the user, I'm really saying we're going to create a cookie that encodes some
particular user inside of it.
We can then make a request to build that order with that user, and we're going to build the order with
that ticket.
So we'll do an O8 request to EP.
We want to do a post request to API orders.
We definitely want to our authenticate ourselves.
As the user that we just created.
And we're going to send along a ticket ID of ticket ID and then finally I'll expect that that goes successfully.
So we'll do it in a expect of 201.
Now when we build up this order, it's going to give us back a response.
And inside of that response is going to be the idea of the order that was created.
We need that order ID because when we access the show route handler, we have to specify the idea of
the order that we are attempting to fetch.
So I'll make sure.
That we get the response here.
Once again, we don't really care about the entire response.
So he could do structure off just the property we care about, which is body.
We don't even care about having a variable name necessarily body.
We really kind of maybe want to rename this thing on the fly once again and say that this is the order
that we are trying to find.
So now we'll make our follow up request to fetch that order.
So I'll do and await request to EP.
We'll do a get.
And we're going to use some string templating here.
So notice the back ticks and we'll put an API orders and then the ID of the order that we are trying
to fetch and that ID is going to come out of that order variable right there.
So we'll do some string interpolation order ID.
We'll make sure that we set our cookie so that we are making this request as the same user.
So we're going to set it to user.
We will send this request off.
And then finally, we will expect to get a 200 back.
Now, we could definitely try to get the response that comes back and take a look at the data that we
actually received.
So for that.
We could do structure off body once again.
In this case, I will rename that body variable just to distinguish it from the body up here as fetched
order.
And then we can write out an expectation to make sure that this thing has the same ID as the order that
we created up here.
So we could do an expect batched order ID to equal order ID.
Ketzel looks good.
We're going to save this.
Take a look at our terminal and see how we're doing.
And it looks like we're passing as usual.
I'm going to change one of these expectations to say 500 just to make sure the file actually got saved
updated by just.
Yup.
Looks like it did.
So we're good to go.
Okay.
So this right here really tests out the happy path or everything going as expected.
We could also add in one or two tests to make sure that if the order is not found, we return a 404.
Or probably more importantly, if the user tries to fetch an order that doesn't belong to them, we
send back a 401 of not authorized.
I'm not really going to sweat the 404.
You could definitely write out a test on your own if you want to test that, but I think that it would
be kind of nice to make sure that one user is not able to fetch another user's orders.
So I'm going to write out a very quick test for that, and I'm only going to write out very quickly
because, well, we can really just copy paste the test.
We already wrote change one or two variables and make it all work as expected.
So I'm going to take the entire test we just wrote.
I'll copy it and then paste it down right underneath.
I'll change the description of this copy paste to it.
Returns and error.
If one user tries to fetch another user's order, we could probably write out a better description there,
but I think that's pretty well descriptive.
So now in this case, we're going to still build up a ticket, still going to create up an order.
But then when we make the request to fetch that order, we do not want to make this request as the same
user.
So rather than putting in the same user right there, I'm going to create a new user by calling global
sign in.
So now we're going to, in theory, get back a41 status code from this.
I don't really care about the body that we get anymore.
So I'll delete all that stuff and also delete the expectation at the bottom.
And I should be able to just change the status code on the expect to 401.
All right, let's save this and see how we're doing.
And it passes as usual.
Real quick change here.
So I'll take it over to 500, make sure the thing fails.
Yep.
Looks good.
Back to 401 and we are all set.
Well, that is pretty much it for our show route handler.
Pretty effective test for it.
So we just have one last handler.
We've got the one that's going to allow us to delete an order or essentially cancel it.
Turns out we're not going to actually delete it out of our database, but we will go ahead and cancel
it.
We'll take a look at what we really mean by that in the next video.